Sprocket Central Pty Ltd , a medium size bikes & cycling accessories organisation, has approached Tony Smith (Partner) in KPMG’s Lighthouse & Innovation Team. Sprocket Central Pty Ltd  is keen to learn more about KPMG’s expertise in its Analytics, Information & Modelling team.
Sprocket Central Pty Ltd has given us a new list of 1000 potential customers with their demographics and attributes. However, these customers do not have prior transaction history with the organisation. 
Draft an email to the client identifying the data quality issues and strategies to mitigate these issues. Refer to ‘Data Quality Framework Table’ and resources below for criteria and dimensions which you should consider.
The marketing team at Sprocket Central Pty Ltd is sure that, if correctly analysed, the data would reveal useful customer insights which could help optimise resource allocation for targeted marketing. Hence, improve performance by focusing on high value customers.
Sprocket Central Pty Ltd has given us a new list of 1000 potential customers with their demographics and attributes. However, these customers do not have prior transaction history with the organisation. 

The marketing team at Sprocket Central Pty Ltd is sure that, if correctly analysed, the data would reveal useful customer insights which could help optimise resource allocation for targeted marketing. Hence, improve performance by focusing on high value customers.The client is happy with the analysis plan and would like us to proceed.  After building the model we need to present our results back to the client. 

Visualisations such as interactive dashboards often help us highlight key findings and convey our ideas in a more succinct manner. A list of customers or algorithm won’t cut it with the client, we need to support our results with the use of visualisations. 
